Tony/mpl 404 (#148)
metaplex-foundation/developer-hub: src/pages/mpl-hybrid/preparation.md

---
title: Preparation
metaTitle: MPL-Hybrid - Preparation
description: How to prepare before creating a MPL-404 hybrid
---

## MPL-404 Planning

Before deploying the MPL-404 escrow and swap program, you should prepare a collection of NFTs and fungible tokens to be used. If you do not already have these prepared, we recommend utilizing [Metaplex Core](https://developers.metaplex.com/core) for the non-fungible tokens and the [Token Metadata program](https://developers.metaplex.com/token-metadata) to create the fungible tokens AFTER you have read the rest of this page..

To fund the escrow, you need to add NFTs, fungibles, or some mix of both. Practically it's easiest to fill the escrow with all the assets of one type while distributing all of the other. This will ensure the escrow stays balanced.

## off-chain Metadata URI Formatting

> In order to take advantage of the metadata randomization feature of MPL-404, off-chain metadata URIs need to be consistently defined and increment. Consistent base URIs is not available from all the off-chain metadata solutions. Shadow Drive is one possible off-chain metadata solution with incrementing URIs. URIs should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to take advantage of the metadata randomization feature of MPL-404, off-chain metadata URIs need to be consistently defined and increment. Consistent base URIs is not available from all the off-chain metadata solutions. Shadow Drive or arweave with a manifest are possible off-chain metadata solution with incrementing URIs. URIs should look like this:
```

I feel like unopinionated might be better here
